---
aliases: 
cssclasse: 
date-created: 2022-11-02
date-modified: 2023-12-05
tags: טקסט-שכתבתי, אנשים/קריסטינה, מכתב/אהבה, טקסט-שכתבתי/הגיג
---
#אנשים/קריסטינה #מכתב/אהבה [[2023-11-06]] #טקסט-שכתבתי/הגיג

# מכתב ליומן של קריסטינה

If I'm going to write down something that will stay forever in a notebook, better it will be smart.

But first, I will say that I am slowly discovering that you, Christina, are a deep girl with many layers who comes from a world that I thought existed only in fairy tales full of joy curious and vivid and I like what I see.

so for my subject, I am very good at studying, so I will write something about that:

Many people think that there are difficult subjects and easy subjects, but the truth is that all the material intended for a study was written by humans for other humans to learn from it. So it is built to be easy to learn

The point is that the time it takes to understand the new material depends on the previous assumptions we have about things in life.

Many times we have not experienced something and we imagine that we

have an understanding of the subject. So we are actually imagining. The point is that the more our hypotheses far from the real are far from reality, then when we really want to study the subject, the changes we will have to make in our brain's model are wider and deeper and their adjustments to the new information will take more time and affect other assumptions.

 If our imagination is far enough from reality, there is a reasonable chance that we will not understand at all what is being explained to us. And we will need a lot of mental effort and updates of the brain model (examples are good for training again)
 
Therefore, when we base a decision on the way things work in the world, we should very well verify it with our personal experience or others we trust. And we will try to check the assumption again with the help of an example from the future.
 
 Another possibility is that we consciously know in advance that the assumption we decided on is arbitrary, and we will not base further decisions on it.

Why would we want to assume something untested? Because the brain cannot live without some answer

 With this method our brain will be well-grounded in correct things and new things will seem logical from the beginning. We will not need many changes in the model because we will not make assumptions that will take us away
far from the truth when we are told it. (or we can find mistakes in others)
 
The great danger in basing too many false assumptions is that one day we will wake up and try to face the world and discover that we do not understand anything anymore.

Some basic assumptions that are good start with:
The world is a world of lies, everything we are told or happens is a lie and there is more hidden than visible.

Better to be rich than poor
Better to be happy than sad
Better to be strong than weak
Better to be smart then stupid
Better to be healthy than sick.
And you don't have to choose one of them, you can get whatever is better.

--Y
Decisions, we are sometimes told to choose whatever we want or be whatever we want. But the truth is that all decisions in life are made from a finite list of options, if the list is not finite then we actually have nothing to choose from and we cannot make a decision. The trick is sometimes, after we know what our options are, is to think about which option we would like to have and does not yet exist.

---
עדכון {WIKI_LINK_PLACEHOLDER}
מכתב שכתבתי ביומן המסע של קריסטינה חברה טובה של רמי הדייר שגר במרתף

-----
