---
aliases: 
cssclasse: 
date-created: 2016-08-31
date-modified: 2023-11-08
tags:
  - טקסט-שכתבתי/עבודה
  - אנשים/רבי-אליהו
---

40 years ago rolled to Rabbi Eliyahu Azoulay, l, a manuscript dealing with the mysteries of the Kabala. Since he explores the depth of field while he discovers during his journey enabling manuscripts him to delve more and more mysteries and secrets of Kabala reality Htmonim foundation.

 a scribe of Mezuzah, Tefillin and  Torah direct descendant of the  Rabbi Yosef Haim Azulay that know public with the name Hida
On this journey unraveled Jewish Rabbi several powerful secrets that probably come to Solomon.
And on that basis develop powerful talisman "safety seal" bribing him alone.

Rabbi Rotem in the public interest to force its acceptance to write personally to the needs and request of the person in front of him a talisman.

Rabbi Ellyahu is a Kabbalah teacher and a direct descendant of the rabbi Abraham Azulai who is widely-known for his book “Grace to God”.
​
At his early age, Rabbi Azulai gained his wisdom learning from the greatest kabbalists of his time while his primary focus was on becoming a writer of sacred phylacteries and mezuzahs. In the course of his writings the rabbi discovers his connection to Jewish mysticism – he insists that he was dominated by the divine forces giving him the “gift from heaven” to communicate with the world of truth.
​
Rabbi Azulai has more than 30 years of experience of writing talismans as shown here. Every talisman is unique and addresses a particular problem. The writing process of such talismans is quite complex and time consuming. Only those who understand Kabala and possess divine powers can create such powerful and impactful talismans.
